Overkill — Kill an naked that has a Tier 2+ weapon (must not be hazy baiting).
Explosive Finish — Secure a kill using a grenade or molotov cocktail.
Trap Kill - Get a kill with a trap
Stone Cold Killer — Win 2 consecutive rock fights in a row on the beach.
Going Deep — Successfully infiltrate someone's base and secure good loot or access to their Tool Cupboard.
Swim to Oil — Swim all the way from the mainland to an Oil Rig without using a boat.
Grand Theft Aero — Steal a minicopter from another player.
Vehicular Manslaughter — Run over and kill another player with a vehicle
David vs. Goliath — Kill a fully Tier 3 player (Gun or gear) using only a Tier 1 weapon.
Codebreaker — Successfully guess or get a player give you their door code.
Double Trouble — Get 2 kills with a single reload of a Double Barrel Shotgun (cannot be beach kills).
0 to Hero — Leave your base with nothing but a hatchet and return with at least 500 scrap.
Caught Lacking — Kill a player while they are actively looking at the recycler UI.
Sniper Slug — Land a killing blow from 100+ meters using a shotgun slug.
Hip Fire Hero — Secure a kill from 100+ meters without aiming down sights.
Naval Combat — Kill an enemy while both of you are actively swimming in the water.
Bounty Hunter — Handcuff a player and either force them to sit or bring them into your TC privilege.
Coast to Coast — Run across the entire map from one ocean shore to the exact opposite side, no trains, horse, boat, ect.
Veteran Hunter — Find the player on the server with the most total hours and get a picture of them in your contacts.
The Investor — Win 5 times in a row gambling.
Anti-Air — Kill a player who is mid-air (flying a minicopter, in a hot air balloon, or falling).
The Customer — Purchase a player-run service like a hotel room, taxi ride, or item delivery.
Quest Master — Complete 5 NPC missions at safe zones.
Arsonist — Kill a player with fire damage (they must burn to death from the flames, not die from the impact of an incendiary round).
Rent Free — Make a player angry enough to complain about you in global chat.
The Artist — Paint a sign and get an enemy player to compliment it in voice.
Bear Knuckles — Kill a bear using a melee weapon (no jackhammer or chainsaw).
One-Tap Wonder — Get a kill with an Eoka pistol where it fires on the very first strike.
Trapped — Lock an player (must have a sash) inside your base.
Wrong Way — Pickaxe the soft side of a wall to access and steal loot.
AloneInTokyo — Jump an enemy compound wall and successfully extract usable loot.
Ghost of Cargo — Move from the crow's nest to the captain's bridge without killing any players or scientists on the Cargo Ship.
Knife to a Gun Fight — Kill a player with a melee weapon while they are actively holding a firearm.
Sabotage — Secretly kill a teammate (e.g., via trap, crash, or setup). If they correctly accuse you, you fail.You may try again on a diffrent person.
Marco Polo — Yell "Marco" outside an enemy base and get someone inside to reply "Polo".
Bota Box — Fill an unlocked box with Bota bags in your main base. It must remain untampered with and unmentioned by teammates for at least one hour.
Primal Tech Destruction — Destroy an auto turret using melee, dealing at least 100 of the damage with the melee.
-750 — Destroy a minicopter or better.
Arbitrage — Buy an item from a shop and resell it for a profit (excluding delivery fees).
Betrayal — Join a random player's team or invite them to yours, then kill them.
Completionist — Unlock one new Steam achievement in Rust.
